VAULT-36949: Automated snapshot cloud permissions (#1145)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.20.x/content/api-docs/system/storage/raftautosnapshots.mdx

- `aws_s3_region` `(string: <required>)` - AWS region bucket is in.

> - `aws_access_key_id` `(string)` - AWS access key ID. Make sure that this account has the following permissions in S3, so that Vault can store and manage the snapshots:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `aws_access_key_id` `(string)` - AWS access key ID. The assocaited AWS account
  must have the following permissions in S3 so that Vault can store and manage
  the snapshots:
```

- `google_gcs_bucket` `(string: <required>)` GCS bucket to write snapshots to.

- `google_service_account_key` `(string)` - Google service account key in JSON format. Depending
on how the API is invoked, this may be need to be JSON-escaped, e.g. for newlines and double quotes.

> The raw value looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on how you invoke the API, you may need to JSON-escape the account key. For
example, to include data with newlines and double quotes the raw value would
look like:
```

- `azure_container_name` `(string: <required>)` - Azure container name to write
  snapshots to.

- `azure_account_name` `(string)` - Azure account name. Make sure that this account has 

>   the following permissions in Azure Blob Storage, so that Vault can store and manage the snapshots:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `azure_account_name` `(string)` - Azure account name. The associated Azure
  account must have the following permissions in Azure Blob Storage so that
  Vault can store and manage the snapshots:
```
